Min-Hsueh Chiu: So let me walk you through. Poke all architecture.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So inside the gene open poker you can see here is the top in it. So
Min-Hsueh Chiu: this project is built on geneticism, and it is a standard api for reinforcement learning.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So this top layer is the configuration for the generalism
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and inside the environment. This is the main poker environment.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So you can see, here is a June poker
Min-Hsueh Chiu: ajin openpoker.py.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: this is the main flow, main-came flow and the visualization.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So in an image
Min-Hsueh Chiu: you can see it is
Min-Hsueh Chiu: card visualization.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: And here is the Oaker utility.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So let me simulate the game playing, so you can map into the different object and functionality inside this folder.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So, for example, I'm a player. So there's a player object
Min-Hsueh Chiu: right? And I'm going to sit at the table.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So here is the board
Min-Hsueh Chiu: which contain board information
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and so there's another player are going sit at a table as well. Right? So here we have the agent folder, and this 6 type of background agent will play with you.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: Okay, so this will be the background agent.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and then once everybody sit down. Right? Then the game start. So there's a initialized game element. For example, player object can get buying amount of money
Min-Hsueh Chiu: right? And after initialized game element, the dealer.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So here's the dealer.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: right dealer are going to tilt the car.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So there's a card in card object here.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: and after dealer, build the card
Min-Hsueh Chiu: player are going to perform action.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So here is one is the action state, the other one will be the action function
Min-Hsueh Chiu: right?
Min-Hsueh Chiu: And after everybody betting.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: then the dealer are going to change phase
Min-Hsueh Chiu: to from preflop to flaw
Min-Hsueh Chiu: right and then can continue.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So. I think this pretty much cover? Every object and functionality in this folder.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: But there's another very important thing. Here will be a novelty generator. Right? So here's a novelty generator. And this novelty generator are
Min-Hsueh Chiu: the functionality that can generate can can inject novelty
Min-Hsueh Chiu: before
Min-Hsueh Chiu: before the game started. Right? So this of the generator are going to use
Min-Hsueh Chiu: list of can can use this of learning novelties.
Min-Hsueh Chiu: So this is pretty much
Min-Hsueh Chiu: The architecture in the poker hall.